h1. rbDB

h2. Description

rbDB is a web-based mysql database administration bringing conventions to database administration.

This is a Rails 3.2.2 under Ruby 1.9.3 port from "@koshtech":http://github.com/KoshTech and "@rubyonrio":http://github.com/rubyonrio teams.
It is not functional yet.

This is a Rails 3.2.2 under Ruby 1.9.3 port from "@koshtech":http://github.com/KoshTech and "@rubyonrio":http://github.com/rubyonrio teams.
It is not functional yet.


h2. Why this project ?

We found phpMyAdmin boring, ugly and feature-less.


h2. So what's the difference ?

* Smart browsing between tables
* Smart display of foreign keys and fields
* Smart graphs and relation between tables
* Quick access to databases and tables
* Memorize the last tables visited and SQL queries executed
* In place edit on fields
* No need of PHP anymore on your production server !
* Designed RESTfully
* Classic features you need like custom SQL requests, insert, search...


h2. Rails 3 port contributors

If you made a pull request, please add your info at last of above list:

"Fernando Kosh":http://github.com/fernandokosh
"Vagner Zampieri":http://github.com/vagnerzampieri
"Rafael B. Tauil":http://github.com/tauil
"Luciano Sousa":http://github.com/lucianosousa


h2. Official website and old Rails 2 branch

/!\ Warning /!\ This is an alpha released of our Railsrumble 48hr-project ("Rails rumble 2008":http://railsrumble.com). You should NOT use rbDB in production yet. We'll develop missing features in the next days/weeks.

Project: "https://github.com/redox/rbdb":https://github.com/redox/rbdb
Right here : "http://www.rbdb.org":http://www.rbdb.org


h2. Screencast

You can see the demo here : "http://www.vimeo.com/2046491":http://www.vimeo.com/2046491
